README.md, before:

# text-compressor
A text compression tool written as part of Coding challenges

### Tree Builder
For the input
```commandline
Given there is usually an unequal distribution of character occurrences in text 
this can then be used to compress data by giving the most commonly occurring characters the shortest prefix.
```
The output looks as below
```commandline
Tree
{ 188 { 77 { 35 {e 17 _ _} { 18 {u 8 _ _} { 10 {m 4 _ _} { 6 {b 3 _ _} {y 3 _ _}}}}} { 42 { 20 {a 10 _ _} {o 10 _ _}} { 22 {n 11 _ _} {i 11 _ _}}}} { 
111 { 50 { 24 {c 12 _ _} {s 12 _ _}} { 26 { 13 { 6 { 3 {G 1 _ _} {p 2 _ _}} {g 3 _ _}} { 7 {d 3 _ _} { 4 {x 2 _ _} { 2 {. 1 _ _} {q 1 _ _}}}}} {r 13 _ _}}} 
{ 61 {  29 _ _} { 32 { 16 { 8 { 4 {f 2 _ _} {v 2 _ _}} {l 4 _ _}} {h 8 _ _}} {t 16 _ _}}}}}

CharacterCodeBase
{codes={G=1010000,  =110, a=0100, b=001110, c=1000, d=101010, e=000, f=1110000, g=101001, h=11101, i=0111, l=111001, 
m=00110, n=0110, .=10101110, o=0101, p=1010001, q=10101111, r=1011, s=1001, t=1111, u=0010, v=1110001, x=1010110, y=001111}}

encoded string
10100000111111000100001101101111111010001011000110011110011100010100100100100111001111001001111110010001101100010011000010101111001001001110011101010100111100
11111101101110011100010111101110101011011001011110000110100011101010010110100100011110001011110010110001000001010111011000011010000001001110011101101101111000
10101101111110111111101011110011101000010001101101111111010000110110001110000110001010010001010101101111010111010000101001101010001101100010011001110101010010
01111010011000111000111111010100101111110001011101101010011101111111010001100011001011001111111010000101001100011001010110111001001111110010110001000001010111
011011101101010011101000111010100101101001000111100010111001110111111101000110100111101010110111111000100111111101010001101100011100000111101011010101110

originalString
Given there is usually an unequal distribution of character occurrences in text this can then be used to compress data by giving the most commonly occurring 
characters the shortest prefix.
```

#### TODO
1. Make exception hierarchy
2. Build UML diagrams
3. Try looking into loading very large files - chunks wise possibility
4. Working with characters larger than 1 byte

Commit message:

fixed UTF-16 charset characters handling

README.md, after:

# text-compressor
A text compression tool written as part of Coding challenges

### Tree Builder
For the input
```commandline
Given there is usually an unequal distribution of character occurrences in text 
this can then be used to compress data by giving the most commonly occurring characters the shortest prefix.
```
The output looks as below
```commandline
Tree
{ 188 { 77 { 35 {e 17 _ _} { 18 {u 8 _ _} { 10 {m 4 _ _} { 6 {b 3 _ _} {y 3 _ _}}}}} { 42 { 20 {a 10 _ _} {o 10 _ _}} { 22 {n 11 _ _} {i 11 _ _}}}} { 
111 { 50 { 24 {c 12 _ _} {s 12 _ _}} { 26 { 13 { 6 { 3 {G 1 _ _} {p 2 _ _}} {g 3 _ _}} { 7 {d 3 _ _} { 4 {x 2 _ _} { 2 {. 1 _ _} {q 1 _ _}}}}} {r 13 _ _}}} 
{ 61 {  29 _ _} { 32 { 16 { 8 { 4 {f 2 _ _} {v 2 _ _}} {l 4 _ _}} {h 8 _ _}} {t 16 _ _}}}}}

CharacterCodeBase
{codes={G=1010000,  =110, a=0100, b=001110, c=1000, d=101010, e=000, f=1110000, g=101001, h=11101, i=0111, l=111001, 
m=00110, n=0110, .=10101110, o=0101, p=1010001, q=10101111, r=1011, s=1001, t=1111, u=0010, v=1110001, x=1010110, y=001111}}

encoded string
10100000111111000100001101101111111010001011000110011110011100010100100100100111001111001001111110010001101100010011000010101111001001001110011101010100111100
11111101101110011100010111101110101011011001011110000110100011101010010110100100011110001011110010110001000001010111011000011010000001001110011101101101111000
10101101111110111111101011110011101000010001101101111111010000110110001110000110001010010001010101101111010111010000101001101010001101100010011001110101010010
01111010011000111000111111010100101111110001011101101010011101111111010001100011001011001111111010000101001100011001010110111001001111110010110001000001010111
011011101101010011101000111010100101101001000111100010111001110111111101000110100111101010110111111000100111111101010001101100011100000111101011010101110

originalString
Given there is usually an unequal distribution of character occurrences in text this can then be used to compress data by giving the most commonly occurring 
characters the shortest prefix.
```

The difference of the `input.txt` and `decodedUncompressedText.txt` can be found using:
```commandline
$ diff input.txt decodedUncompressedText.txt
$
```

#### TODO
1. Make exception hierarchy
2. Build UML diagrams
3. Try looking into loading very large files - chunks wise possibility
